I can kind of adapt to any situation in
the middle of mall guys talking about
adjusting a difficult scenario this is
brand-new look at the setting we've got
people just going about their normal
shopping day oh by the way the Women's
World the best in the world here female
bowlers are on display and people just
stopping by to check it out Sean off the
mark from Lee am-7 pin count but a huge
lead here she tries to advance to the
next round 11 already as did Sarah over
Linda Barnes one game matches winner
goes on loser is done
that fortunate that wasn't Leanne's best
shot right there
it seems to be the almost every shot
that goes high she's she's a little bit
off balance of foul line which probably
means she's getting a little bit quick
with her feet her body gets forward a
little bit at that point she's out of
balance falls off the shots the right
thumb goes down and and the ball goes
left
Supper's on the frame nicely Chris I
didn't think you'd fare in this mall
seven flights it is such a unique
setting there's certainly a lot of
distractions you'd have to really be on
your game mentally to to focus here you
have you have all been the stores
everywhere people walking around the
second level asian gets picture from
here they're people floating in and out
of of the of the arena and you watch
this this boat looks like it's almost
going in the gutter and all world that
she is hooks back nice to spare keeps
her lead at 47 pins and forces Sara
deduce was striking to catch up a frame
works on for her spare has nine down
number seven stands for Sarah
well here she made a pretty good shot
she's moved left again her target is
actually she crosses almost the same
board of the shot before our angle
through the front Elaine is much more to
the right those light well mrs. the five
on the way by which is what you needed
me that five ten to go right into that
seven didn't happen
7-pin there so Chris next up for Sarah
she's going to SATA drivers we said she
made a prince in Kuwait and forget to
start kids bowling program specifically
for girls how do you think she'll fell
over there in terms of being a coach
well the amount of knowledge he's picked
up over the last couple of years in
addition to Wichita State and her
experiences with Columbia should give
her a pretty wide array of knowledge and
should be able to pass on a lot to kids
she also just has pure fundamentals and
a great attitude look at her and a sep
tember heading to the middle east's
or an interesting experience that'll be
has her mine on continuing rolling
through this competition Tom right now
with the baby screaming in the
background distraction what distraction
for lee had been she's got a big leader
Bashar of artists from Colombia 48 pins
in fact on the way to the next round
Saturday the collets spc masters test
yourself against the best bite during
the PBA's first major championship of
the season by the team masters America's
premier high school championship event
and by Southwest Airlines official
airline of the u.s. bc womens challenge
16 of the world's best female bowlers on
center stage here in Las Vegas p WBA
amateur legends dozens of titles among
our competitors here
that includes Sarah Marcus from Columbia
went to college here in the States
wichita state as did Chris Barnes
not it not advancing will mean that she
won't face not advancing mean she will
not face for fellow colombian clara
guerrero they're very good friends and
our formidable team Claire will be later
on in a different bracket
there's Clara
24 years old just graduated from Wichita
State herself another shocker alum out
there Chris Barnes the bowling world
trying to kick it cross deck to the
seven pins cannot and open for you
second match grinds to a halt and
leanna's wrap this one up she'll
certainly advance to the next round
despite all the distractions of the
small standing she's been focused Chris
Barnes look at the lead 61 pins yes
she's she's on track and this is really
one of those things we said as them as
it went on she's a marathoner she likes
him when the lanes break down a little
bit well in the second match was an
advantage for her they seems to have
gotten better as they gone now and she's
pretty much right where she wants to be
and not to mention with a 6161 get laid
everyone wants to be there chris is the
is this a difference between women and
men
breakdown they can go to their power
game or someone like Sarah who relies on
finessed struggled with that but
certainly an advantage I think that's
one of many reasons aside from rocker
Leanne's obvious talent her ability to
open up a lane condition and take
advantage of that to like every athletic
event speed and power is an advantage
and it's an advantage of this sport as
well
is lined up
unfortunately about five frames later
than she would have liked
not exactly the desired timing so I'm
left daulton USBC CEO helping us out we
use the 7 pin again coarsely that's the
experience today I think hurt Sarah she
was not able to make the adjustments
fast enough that ball was just a little
bit too early in the front being a
little bit lazy down the lane and it's
easier to see when you're sitting on the
sidelines and understand she probably
didn't use one more session with Rick
and I got to the right ball see that me
and give me much room to see your
personality come out though she waves to
the crowd and she knows you know she
understands what this event is and she
understands it's really a showcase for
bowling and
she wants to be a big part of that she
wants to help women's bowling she wants
to help the sport good showing does win
one game the N will advance to the next
round convincing win again crush liz
johnson to 46 to won 99 in our second
match a very impressive margin of
victory year in her second match as well
well this plane late to match very solid
outing for her we know that LeAnn bear
it's going to be in that final
championship match in on the fifth week
of this series and whoever else makes it
knows they're going to be up against one
of the greatest bowlers of all time
she had to be a pre-tournament favorite
even with her first round match up with
liz johnson he had to feel like the
winner of that match had a real good
chance to go deep in this tournament
definitely
oh gosh she told us yesterday in our
interview with her that she was
concerned about her competitive fire
because she hasn't bolt onto her and so
long three years since the comments to
her shut down